Add info about remotely hosted code in frameworks. (#7243)
GoogleChrome/developer.chrome.com: site/en/docs/extensions/migrating/improve-security/index.md

Bundle third-party libraries
: Your extension includes minified files. Popular frameworks such as [React](https://reactjs.org/docs/cdn-links.html) and [Bootstrap](https://getbootstrap.com/docs/5.1/getting-started/introduction/) have minified versions available for download. Include them in your bundle and reference them as you would any other script. For example:

>   ```html

Author: ```suggestion

  ```html
```

  <script src="./react-dom.production.min.js"></script>
  <link href="./bootstrap.min.css" rel="stylesheet">
  ```

  To include a library in a service worker set the `"background.type"` to `"module"` in the manifest and use an `import` statement.

  {% Aside 'caution' %}

>   Whatever library you chose, verify that it does not use remotely-hosted code.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  When choosing a library, verify that it does not use remotely-hosted code. This is [prohibited by policy](https://developer.chrome.com/docs/webstore/program-policies/mv3-requirements/).
```
